 "Believe you can and you're halfway there."  -  Theodore Roosevelt
 "The only way to do great work is to love what you do."  -  Steve Jobs
 "Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions."  -  Dalai Lama
 "Dream big and dare to fail."  -  Norman Vaughan
 "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams."  -  Eleanor Roosevelt
 "Be yourself; everyone else is already taken."  -  Oscar Wilde
 "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts."  -  Winston Churchill
 "In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on."  -  Robert Frost
 "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today."  -  Franklin D. Roosevelt
 "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans."  -  John Lennon
 "The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now."  -  Chinese Proverb
 "Don't count the days, make the days count."  -  Muhammad Ali
 "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take."  -  Wayne Gretzky
 "Opportunities don't happen, you create them."  -  Chris Grosser
 "Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value."  -  Albert Einstein
 "The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday."  -  Anonymous
 "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself."  -  George Bernard Shaw
 "The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."  -  Nelson Mandela
 "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work."  -  Thomas A. Edison
 "Be the change that you wish to see in the world."  -  Mahatma Gandhi
 "It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop."  -  Confucius
 "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing."  -  Edmund Burke
 "You must be the change you wish to see in the world."  -  Mahatma Gandhi
 "Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it."  -  Charles R. Swindoll
 "You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great."  -  Zig Ziglar
 "Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life."  -  Steve Jobs
 "It always seems impossible until it is done."  -  Nelson Mandela
 "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today."  -  Franklin D. Roosevelt
 "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful."  -  Albert Schweitzer
 "In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years."  -  Abraham Lincoln
 "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step."  -  Lao Tzu
 "Believe you can and you're halfway there."  -  Theodore Roosevelt
 "The only way to do great work is to love what you do."  -  Steve Jobs
 "Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions."  -  Dalai Lama